=Rumput Tetangga=
Kir, wake up, it's late.
The kids should go to the school.
Ben, we have the maid.
It's been a month
since she goes back to her hometown.
God..
Oh, God. We're late.
Hurry, wake the kids, I'll cook.
Kir.
I'll be going in a minute.
You're not going
to drop the kids to school?
I can't, I'm in a hurry.
Still waiting a taxi.
I thought today I could... Forget it.
Could what?
Could be free. Kidding, Ben.
Besides, this is my job.
I'm sorry, lately I'm busy.
You know that Mr. Tanoto always
ask for a daily evaluation.
Would you forgive me?
It's okay, work hard so you get bonus
and we can go to Singapore.
Singapore?
Are you sure want to go to Singapore?
It's better if we use the money for...
I'm joking, Ben.
It's better we use the money
for house and car installments, right?
I'm going. Here, let me kiss you.
-My face's dirty, Ben.
-It's okay, come here.
-Serious?
-Yes.
Just kidding, Kir.
Rega, Windy.
Honey, what happen to your hair?
Mom, today I want to do my hair
like my idol, Rihanna.
What if looks like Taylor Swift,
pony tail?
I like Rihanna.
Why don't you like Tukul?
It's more simple.
Mom, there's a fire.
Horror.
So close.
Mom, Windy.
Windy is allergic to peanuts!
Windy, stop. Spit it out, don't eat it!
Mom, it's burnt!
-I want to sit in the front, my turn.
-But I'm older.
-Kirana, hi.
-Hi, Lidya!
-Mom, Windy.
-What about Windy?
She's still at the house.
Gosh.
Windy. Go inside the car.
Rihanna sits in the front.
Tukul sits in the back, right?
Late, we're late. Come, hurry.
Hurry, go, hurry, run. You're late.
Sir, please open it!
I can't, Ma'am. I'm scared
that Mrs. Rhonda will scold me.
Mrs. Rhonda is so fierce
just like a hungry tiger.
Mrs. Rhonda is fierce,
but you're so kind.
Open it, it's the last time we're late.
-One last time? No more late?
-We promise!
-I am kind, right? So kind?
-You're so kind.
I can't do that, rules are rules.
If Mrs. Rhonda said no, it means no.
I listen to Mrs. Rhonda
Good morning, kind-hearted Mrs. Rhonda.
-Welcome...
-Mrs. Sisca.
I'm sorry, Ma'am, I'm late.
It's okay.
I'm grateful you can come here
to be a speaker for our children.
It's my pleasure, I'm so excited.
I'd like to share my experiences
as a movie producer, Ma'am.
Especially to a young girls.
We must educated young girls.
They shouldn't satisfied
with just become a housewives.
Why? Because
we have the same opportunity.
Whatever we want, whatever career
we want, we could get it.
Am I right? Don't you agree?
-Please, welcome.
-Sisca, Sisca Malandouw.
Kirana Permatasari?
Oh, my God, how come we meet here?
Your children go to school here?
Your children? Hello, I'm Sisca.
Back in the days, we were a group.
Friends of your mother.
We're called Screaming Queens.
We're the most hype.
You know, your mother was chairman
of Student Council and cheerleaders.
She got good grades, she was so cool.
You're still seeing the other girls?
Let me save your number, okay?
My WhatsApp is error, Sis.
-Mrs. Sisca...
-Sorry, in a minute.
Did you meet with Yanti and Indah?
They must be thrilled to see you.
You know Yanti?
Now, her rendang is everywhere.
And Indah's batik boutique
is selling well. It's so cool.
Where have you been? You never show up!
I know,
usually people goes MIA like this,...
are the most successful.
Ouch.
Of course she said nothing,
you keep blabbing.
I'm sorry. I'm going to keep quiet,
so I can be a success.
Mrs. Sisca, do the reunion later.
The children is waiting for you.
Please come in.
-Mr. Sueb, take her to the classroom.
-Okay.
Na, see you later, I'm already late.
Rega, Windy, go inside.
Ma'am, I want to talk with you
at my office.
What do you think, Ma'am?
Rega's grade? It's dropping, right?
Sliding to rock bottom.
We should feel sad.
If we received payment,
then we should happy.
Is there a problems at home?
A fight with your husband?
Divorce? Other woman?
Or you're the one with other man?
So, you are a homewrecker.
Sorry, I'm just joking.
There's more important matter.
The school's role is important
for educating children.
But it is more important for you
as a parent...
to supervise children studying at home.
Especially if you don't work.
I'm working, I'm a housewive.
Are you get paid? No, right?
So, you have a lot of time to closely
supervise your children to study.
Not just a pants should be tight.
Closely supervise your children.
Who likes cartoons?
-Me!
Who wants to produce a movie?
If you want to do that,
you need to study hard.
Turns out that Kirana Permatasari
is just a housewife.
Excuse me?
The total is 375.000 rupiahs.
What are you looking at?
It's Lidya.
She's so awesome, right, Ben?
Good career, successful, mom to be.
Oh, you.
You're awesome too.
You take care of me,
take care the children. Thank you.
But you often late.
Smelly.
How can I not be late?
My time is spent smelling your farts.
Oh, you. Come one.
Kir, I set every clocks in this house
half hour earlier.
So, you're not late anymore.
Ben, are you underestimating me?
I can wake up early.
Rega, Windy, dinner's ready!
-Have you called Mrs. Diah again?
-She's not picking up.
It seems she's mad.
We can't be too hard on her.
I told her nicely.
She can't do the laundry,
all my clothes are ruined.
Lets get a new maid.
No need, I can do it by myself.
You said it yourself
we have to live providently.
School.
Rega, why did you read like that?
Do it as usual.
I'm confused, Mom.
All the letters are juggling.
Read it again.
On Saturday...
School... Yes, school.
Rega is diagnosed with dyslexia.
Even though, it's an early stage.
He will need an intensive treatment
and attention from both of you.
It's okay.
The doctor said it's cureable.
Okay?
But the cost is so big, Ben.
Should I get a job?
No.
If you work,
who'll take care the children?
Poor Rega. Rega needs you the most, Kir.
I know you're worried.
But trust me.
Insyaallah, there's a way out.
Okay, come here.
Let me massage you.
Whatever happens,
we'll face it together.
You're nasty, Kir.
You keep calling me Kir.
Call me something romantic.
Dear, honey, sweety.
That's not important.
What's important is my feelings for you.
-Playboy.
-Nasty.
Diana.
She wants to meet up,
she just got back from Europe.
She's so great,
her PR works are everywhere.
See. She's so beautiful, Ben.
Back in high school,
she had a crush on you.
Why did you say no to her?
You could be married to her right now.
She isn't married until now.
Could it be that her heart
is still stuck on you?
But I'm stuck with you, Kir.
Keep calling me Kir. Do you think Bokir?
-I'm going to get the children to bed.
-Me?
I'm heading to, I mean.
Gross.
Na, these are souvenirs
for Windy and Rega.
-I miss them so much.
-Thank you.
Wait a minute, Na.
Yes, don't forget to bring
the case file for Mr. Gunawan.
So, I know what kind of brand image
that will fit the most. Thank you.
Indra is so terrible, he's so slow.
Indra, our junior?
My secretary at the Student Council?
I'm looking for the right moment
to fired him.
Our school will hold a reunion.
Please come this time!
I'm the chairman of this event.
It will be fun.
We're having a costume party.
-No, thanks.
-What?
Why not? Not in the mood?
Or not confidence?
You told me yourself you're not
comfortable with being just a housewife.
When actually...
-Shit.
-What?
That's Bram, how come he's here?
That's Bram who had a crush on you?
He's handsome. Seem like a nice person.
He's nice, handsome.
But I'm not feeling it,
I can't imagine my life with him.
He's coming here.
-Hi, Di. How are you?
-Good.
This is Kirana,
my friend from high school.
Hi. I'm Bram.
-Kirana.
-Nice to meet you.
By the way, you're much prettier
after getting back from Europe.
My invitation for dinner is still on,
please reply.
Bram is really a match for you.
What are you waiting for?
Afraid of becoming just a housewife like me?
If having a kids like Rega and Windy
won't be a problem for me.
Take the kids to my new apartment.
Another new apartment?
Indra is here.
-Hi, Ndra.
-Hi, Ms. Kirana.
You didn't forget the file, right?
You forgot? How could you?
I'm sorry,
I already asked Inge to bring it.
Your tie is crooked, not matching too.
An embarrassment in the front of client.
-Oh, my God. Yes.
-You forget?
Sorry.
Your invitation, also the souvenirs,
I forgot.
Thanks, Ndra.
Please come
to the Student Council reunion.
Kids from high school.
And I will be there, it will be great.
By the way, if the tie is dark blue,
it would be cooler.
Is that so? Thank you, Mrs. Kirana.
-Ndra, hurry, we're late.
-Excuse me, Mrs. Kirana.
-Bye, Na.
-Bye, Di.
Finally, you two came! Na!
Ben.
-You're so beautiful, Na.
-Thank you.
Ben, let me borrow her a while.
We're going to meet everyone else.
Come on.
-Hi.
-Hey, Ben!
I'm happy you finally came. It's nice.
I just fired him.
Not cool, he made an appointment
with the client...
very early in the morning.
He knows that tonight
we're having a party.
-Poor Indra.
-Why? You make me look like the bad guy.
If you worked with him,
you'll not stand him either.
You'll definitely fire him too.
-Do you remember him?
-Tama?
Tamtama Ekaputra.
He is the most promising
young politician.
Didn't he repeats his class twice?
The past is not important.
The most important thing now
is that he have 4,3 millions followers.
He is the candidate
for Jakarta's vice governor.
Wasn't he
a Student Council committee too?
Because he'd want to be with you.
Can you imagine if you're with him?
Probably your name
is not Kirana Permatasari.
But Kirana Ekaputra.
You're not the wife of car salesman.
But the wife of future
Jakarta's vice governor.
Isn't that cool? Right?
He's waving at you, right?
So, how is it?
-Kirana!
You're so pretty.
It's been a long time.
Where have you been?
You've been absent twice,
and now you came.
Yeah, if we know you'd come,
we'll wear the same costume, princesses!
It doesn't matter, the important thing
is all the Screaming Queens are here!
By the way, I've something to do there.
I'll be right back soon.
We don't even make a boomerang
for Instagram story.
Just because
she's the chairman of committee.
Where have you been all this time?
Did you know?
Diana said she's a PR consultant
in a well-known company.
And she had a lot of clients.
Why you said nothing
when we met at the school?
Do you know? She still manages
to take the kids to school.
-Oh, dear!
-Oh, my God!
I'm so sure...
Diana.
I'll go over there.
-Why do you have to lie?
-Lie?
Yes, you said
that I'm a successful PR consultant.
Do you want me to say
that you're just a housewife. No, right?
-What's wrong with that?
-They will look down on you.
Come on, it's okay, this is reunion.
No problem.
Reunion is all about lie,
all about bragging.
So, you don't need to feel bad about it.
-Kirana.
-Tama.
I think the event is about to start,
I'm going in.
The only alumni that I'm waiting
for the most are you.
I'd like to say thank you for
our time together in Student Council.
It made me what I am today.
I heard that you are
a successful PR consultant, right?
We are all proud of you here, Kirana.
You must have heard
I'm going as a vice governor candidate.
And I need a good campaign manager
and I'm sure it's you.
Profesionally.
How much do you want, just say it.
After all, the party is paying.
Tama, wait a minute, I need to go.
Kirana, can I have your name card?
Sit. Yes, you.
Sit.
Your face looks gloomy, can I help you?
I don't need any help, Mbok.
Mbok? When did I marry your father?
It's Madam.
-What is your name, Child?
-Kirana.
Kirana. There's a cloud in your heart.
A dark fog covered your life.
Pick a card.
No, I don't need a prophecy.
-What are your regrets in life?
-Regrets? I don't...
There's no human without regrets.
What is your regrets in your career?
-I don't have a career.
-Housewife.
Then you have regrets
in your household life now, Kirana.
Pick a second card.
It's bad.
What's your deepest desires, Kirana?
-What do you mean?
-If only... Follow my words.
-If only... Kirana, follow my words.
-What do you mean?
If only when I graduated
from Communication,...
I did not get married immediately,
but I started my career...
-and pursue my dreams.
-Which is?
Become a great PR consultant,...
no need to bother
taking care of the child and husband,...
have a lot of money,
live in a luxury apartment...
No, it's just a joke.
It's just a foolish dream, Madam.
Don't judge me.
You don't know me at all.
One's desires must be revealed
once in a while.
Must be done once in a while.
Open the last card, Kirana.
Before the day change.
Back to the starting point.
Afterward, there's no return.
What's the meaning of this?
Later you will understand.
Save it and open again later.
If the card is black,
then be grateful for your current life.
If the card is red,
your wish is fulfilled, Kirana.
Kirana.
Ben.
They have been looking for you.
Come on, it's going to start.
(Guest List, Kirana)
Ben.
Miss Kirana.
Still sleepy, Ben.
I'm Indra, Miss.
What are you doing in my room?
Last night you said,...
"Ndra, there's a coodination meeting
tomorrow. Wake me up at 06.30."
-Where is this?
-Your apartment, of course.
Apartment? Where's my children?
Children? You're not married yet,
how come you have children?
What are you, a turkey?
Miss...
This is not a dream, right?
Wow. This is real.
If the card is black,
then be grateful for your current life.
If the card is red,
your wish is fulfilled, Kirana.
So...
So, all of my wishes are fulfilled?
This is all real?
This is not a dream.
-How is it, Ndra?
-What?
-How do I look?
-This is how you look everyday.
This is your breakfast.
Only this?
Healthy food.
I'll brief you before meeting
with Tama's campaign team.
Tama? Tamtama Ekaputra?
-That's our client?
-Yes.
Wait a minute.
This is serious? I'm meeting Mr. Jokowi?
-I'm so cool.
-Please take a look at this.
-Do you want to eat here or in the car?
-I want lontong sayur, Ndra.
Okay.
-So, which car do you want to use today?
-What do you mean?
Yes, do you want that car, this,
this little one, or that?
-These are all mine?
-Of course.
Excuse me, Ma'am,
which car will you use?
Ndra, all my cars are cool,
too bad the driver isn't cool too.
Ndra, this big building is rented,
right?
Rented? The whole building is yours.
Did you forget you're the CEO?
Let's go.
Good morning, Miss.
Oops, I'm sorry.
-You...
-Yes, Miss?
Your tie is crooked.
Let me fix it.
See. Looks good, isn't it?
Good morning, Miss.
Is there something wrong with me, Miss?
-Your batik is pretty.
-Thank you, Miss.
I'm so sorry!
-This are the files that you asked.
-Okay. Here you go, Ndra.
Next time you don't need to rush,
just relax.
-What's your name?
-Inge, Inge Wisnubrata.
Your secretary.
Are you married?
Not yet.
-Boyfriend?
-No.
Looks like Indra have a crush on you.
He said you're beautiful.
-Thank you, Miss Kirana.
-Why do you thank me?
Tell that to the one who said it.
Thank you, Ndra.
-Answer when someone's talking to you.
-Yes, your welcome.
I'm going to go.
-Good morning, Miss.
-Good morning, All.
Ndra, are they Tama's team or something?
They are all your employees.
Miss, please sit.
Miss.
Okay, we'll start the briefing.
Who wants to start the brief?
Phillip? Okay.
Why are you guys standing up?
Sit down, it's okay.
-Good morning, Everyone.
-Good morning.
-Our client is one of the rising star...
-Wait a minute.
Can you speak Indonesian?
Your english is a little bit off.
So, our client is one
of the most talented rising star...
in the entertainment business.
-Tina Cempaka.
-Wow, Tina Cempaka.
Ndra, cool. She's my favorite actress.
That's so cool.
Go on.
So, thanks to image
that we're developing for her...
Sorry, Ms. Kirana, I'm late.
-Because my children...
-What happen to your children? Sick?
No, Miss.
I had to took care of them first
because suddenly my maid had to go home.
So, I have to take them
to their grandmother.
I know you won't accept
this kind of reason.
How many kids do you have?
-Three, Miss.
-Can I see their pictures?
I have that.
So adorable, cute.
Their cheeks are chubby.
You must be busy, right?
It's a handful for me with two kids.
-Okay, Linda, sit down.
-Thank you, Miss.
Since when does she have two kids?
When did she marry?
I don't know. Maybe she thinks
me and Inge as her children.
Ask her, does she still needs a child?
My mother has passed away.
-Indra.
-Yes, Miss?
Next time, make the meeting at noon.
Poor Linda
Okay, continue.
So, this beauty products
are the number one in Indonesia...
Hold it.
Are there no snacks here?
Combro, misro, or seblak.
It's so empty.
How close is Tama and me?
-You are so happy there.
-Oh, shit.
If Ben saw this, he'll go mad.
-He must be thinking that I'm cheating.
-Ben?
Yes, Ben, my husband,
Benyamin Kristanto.
Oh, right, I'm not married.
You broke up with Ben
when you went to Sydney for college.
I broke up with Ben?
He's heartbroken for two years, Miss.
Miss. Ndra.
Sorry, Miss Kirana.
I just want to remind you
that you have a lunch meeting now.
Another meeting? We just had a meeting.
That was an internal meeting, Miss.
You have appointments
with several clients today.
It's all on the calendar.
This packed?
Oh, my God.
A nonstop meeting, I'm hungry.
I already prepare the food.
-This is the food?
-Yes.
-Why is it like this?
-It's a healthy diet, right?
What is that, Sir?
Nasi Padang, Miss.
Okay, I'll take that,
you have the salad, okay?
I already did salat maghrib, Miss.
-Okay, here you go.
-Are we exchanging foods now?
And the campaign location
like I explained,...
we'll go to this several places.
Including,
we're going to clean the garbage.
So, the image of Mr. Samsul
and Mr. Tama are good.
And hopefully our goals
will be achieved later.
So, this is the end of my presentation.
Hopefully all of you are pleased,
thank you.
Kirana, what a great presentation.
-Yeah, thank you.
-Miss, I'm going over there.
About your idea
of making a youtube content,...
I already hired both of them.
And starting today,
they'll follow everywhere I go.
Oh, right. I was just presenting,
but all the ideas came from Indra.
Your presentations was something.
Because of your presentation,
this is what I am today.
Really?
Yes, you said it to me in Sydney once.
Don't just criticize the government.
If you dare to help,
come down, help them.
-I said that?
-Yes.
Kirana, you're the muse
of my inspiration.
Sorry, Sir. Can you do it once more?
-Why?
-It was blurry.
Once again, Miss, it's already good.
Stand by, action.
-You're...
-Take it down a little, sorry.
Okay.
You're the muse of my inspiration.
Excuse me.
So, you got it?
I forgot to push the button, Sir.
It wasn't recorded.
It's okay, Sir. We can re-take it,
but can you call her again?
Shit.
-Mom!
-Rega! Windy!
-I miss you so much.
-Me too.
-I miss you guys, too.
-You must be tired. Let me massage you.
Miss.
These are from Mr. Tama.
It's in the lobby.
(Thank you, you are perfect.
Love, Tama.)
Tama is so serious, Ndra.
You should be prepared
to become the wife of vice governor.
-That won't happen.
-Why not?
Because this is not my actual life,
this is only a piece of dream.
A tiny wishful thinking
that become a reality.
I just taste it for a while.
So, I'm not curious anymore.
-All of this are not real, Ndra.
-What's not real, Miss?
Thank you for becoming
a good personal assistant for one day.
Bye bye!
Miss, what do you mean?
I'm not fired, right?
Miss Kirana?
Okay, Madam Sri Menyan,
thank you for the opportunity.
I can enjoy my dreams today.
Let me get back
to my real life tomorrow.
Rega dan Windy
already misses their mother.
Why am I still here?
Miss.
What are you doing here?
I want to go home.
Back home where? To your hometown?
Lebaran isn't near, Miss.
-Besides, people are waiting for you.
-Waiting for me? For what?
There's a press conference at 09.00.
-Hi, Ndra.
-Hi.
-You're here too.
-Yes, you told me to.
"Inge, for the preparation
of the press conference,...
come to my place with Indra."
-What press conference?
-Tina Cempaka, our client, Miss.
Accused as a homewrecker.
Last night, she was bullied by netizen.
-You whore! Sleazy actress!
-What the hell?
If her image is like this, her contract
with the beauty products will be a bust.
Canceled.
Tina Cempaka is a good person.
I know why I'm still here with you.
It means I have to settle this thing
right now.
Okay, we'll do the press conference now.
What should I say to the press, Miss?
I'm tired saying no comments
all the time.
What answer will you give?
Mr. Indra told me to say
that there's nothing between us.
And we're only a good friends.
And all the pictures are hoax,
a photoshop's editing.
That means you're lying?
You do have a relationship
with that businessman, right?
-Yeah, but...
-Well, okay.
-Just give a honest answer.
-Seriously, Miss?
Please be quiet, Everyone.
To all fellow media.
Today, Tina Cempaka will give
clarification regarding her scandal.
You once said that establish an image
means creating an illusion.
It's not in accordance with the reality,
no need for that.
So?
How come we told Tina to say the truth?
I'm really nervous, Ndra.
Sorry.
My apologies to Mr. Adrian's family.
Because it has caused chaos
and troubles in his family.
I feel guilty.
And I promised
I will not continue our relationship.
I hope after this...
Mr. Adrian and his family
stay harmonious and happy.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Even her acting in a soap opera
isn't this good, Miss.
Miss, you're right. Look at this.
Her Instagram story
gain a lot of positive comments.
-Her haters are quiet.
-You're right.
Women who admit their wrong
and dare to apologize to other women,...
it will bring sympathy from many people.
-Is that so?
-Okay, I have finished my task.
Miss, not yet. You still have meetings.
Miss. Two o'clock meeting at Mulia.
Four o'clock meeting
about Hotel Akasia's new image.
-Six o'clock to the salon and...
-Salon?
Yes, because you want to prepare
for fund raising dinner with Mr. Tama.
You said yourself that you want
to look pretty for Mr. Tama.
A lot of journalists will be there.
Your rumor with Mr. Tama is already out.
Your relationship is special.
Couple of the year.
No, no way.
Inge, just cancel everything.
I want to go home to my house.
I think she means her apartment, right?
Maybe. Come on.
Yeah, I'll go with you.
Come on!
This is Miss Kirana's house?
How come I just found out
that you have a house here?
Take a day off for all of you, okay?
It's up to you, see a movie
or sight seeing, anything.
Go on, have fun.
If you like her, don't hold it back.
Miss, what about tomorrow?
Maybe tomorrow
we won't meet again, Ndra. Bye.
Do you realize
Miss Kirana is acting weird, Inge?
Inge.
To the movie, right? Dinner?
No?
-That's okay.
-Miss Inge.
If you want to watch a movie,
just go with me.
That's a no? It's okay.
Wait a minute.
Just go, but don't touch the window.
Mrs. Diah! Mrs. Diah, you're back.
Oh, my God, I'm happy that you're back!
What's wrong?
Who are you, Ma'am?
Don't you recognize me? I'm Kirana.
This is Benyamin Kristanto's house,
right?
-His children are Rega and Windy.
-That's right.
Who are you, Ma'am?
You're not kidding, right?
Diana.
-Ma'am.
-Diana with Ben?
How come?
How come it's Diana?
Ma'am, who are you? What do you want?
It's not possible, right?
This isn't the reality, right?
I don't want it.
Security!
-Security!
-Mrs. Diah, stop!
Please don't scream. I'll leave,
but you don't need to scream.
I'm not a bad person.
You have to leave now
or I'll also call the police.
Okay, I'll leave.
Kirana Permatasari?
Lidya. Finally someone recognize me.
Of course I know you, we were neighbors.
-Yes, that's right...
-Back in Sydney.
Sydney?
-No, we...
-Yes, in Sydney.
We were in the same dormitory,
only for a while though.
You're too smart,
so you graduated earlier.
But I followed your career.
You're such a great PR.
Where are you going? Let me take you.
Na, you are mentioned
the most bright graduate of Sydney.
You're such a role model
for every girls who thinks of...
How is your baby, healthy?
How did you know? Does it show?
-I'm forced to get pregnant actually.
-Forced?
I wasn't planning to get pregnant now.
But my husband insists...
if I don't want to get pregnant
this year, he wants to get a divorce.
He is very jealous
to see our neighbors in front of us.
Ben and Diana?
Yes, you know them?
He really hopes that I'd become
like Diana, the perfect housewife.
Why would he marry me
when he is looking for girls like that?
-I...
-I'll go first.
-Yes, you go first.
-I really like the movie.
-Me too.
So do I, it was good.
But if I could choose,
I prefer action movies.
Yes, I really love action movies too.
I also like action movies.
-Do you like horror movies?
-I don't like horror, I'm scared.
Unless I watch it with someone.
-I also don't...
-Can you shut up?
Which superheroes do you like?
If it's superheroes, I like Superman.
-Superman?
-Yes, cool, handsome, strong.
Miss, for me, I like Gatotkaca.
He is very strong...
Sir, can you shut up?
-They are on a date.
-Okay.
It's all good. Go on.
-Hello, this is our family activities.
-Hello.
Here's our mommy
who is preparing for breakfast.
-Hello, Dear Mommy.
-Hi, Dear.
-The kids are getting ready to school.
-Hello.
Mommy, thank you
for doing my hair like Rihanna.
-Do you like it?
-I like it so much!
-Let's eat breakfast.
-Okay.
-You'll take me to school, right, Dad?
-Of course, you too.
Thank you, Dad!
Of course.
Okay, we're going to eat. Bye!
Let me wash the vegetables.
There was a woman
looking for Mr. Ben, Ma'am.
Woman? Who is it?
Her name is Kirana.
-Kirana?
-Yes.
Here you go, Mrs. Diah.
-Do you want more coffee?
-Sure.
Please, let me go back.
Let me wake in my own room
tomorrow morning.
Sweety, did the children
already go to sleep?
Yes, Dear.
Did you know? Me and my sales team
were called by Mr. Tanoto.
Just like what you suggest me to do,
I protested.
And then?
Mr. Tanoto praise me.
He said that I have big initiative.
And he promote me
as the Head of Strategy.
-Are you serious?
-Serious.
Thank you, Sweety.
I'm proud of you.
I want us to be like this forever.
Where are you going?
I don't want to stay in here!
I want to go home!
Miss. Miss Kirana.
It's been three days you're not working.
Are you ill, Miss?
Go away, Indra!
-Where's Mommy?
-She hasn't arrived yet.
Rega, Windy, you remember me, right?
I miss you so much.
Windy.
-No!
-Let go! Let go of my sister!
-Sir, help! Let go!
-No!
What is going on?
-Sir, let me hug my children.
-Just stop it, Ma'am.
-I'm their mother.
-I know who their mother is.
Her name is Mrs. Diana,
she doesn't look like you.
You should go to the office now.
What are you guys doing here?
The office is chaotic
when you are not around.
All clients are angry
because they can't meet you.
All the staff are confused,
no one dares to make a decision.
Do you have the heart
to ruin all of the things you build?
You'll never understand
what I have been through.
Yes, we will not understand
if you don't tell it to us.
Useless. You're not going to believe it.
Just go.
Miss, I can't go back to the office
if you're not there.
Yes, me too, Miss.
Okay.
If that's what you want,...
we'll go to the office now.
-Are you going to work or talk?
-Morning, Miss.
What are you smiling for?
Your tie is crooked.
We are working in a PR consultant.
Image is everything, all of it.
That's what makes our living,
what we sale.
Pay attention to your image.
Clothes, attitude, pay attention!
Do not embarrass this office!
Everybody understand?
-Do you understand?
-Yes, Ma'am.
Where's Inge?
Why is she taking so long in the toilet?
Call her.
Call her!
Because this year's growth chart
are decreasing,...
we decided to increase...
Chew. Keep chewing.
Are you done?
Starting now, there's no snacks
on the table. Understand?
I'm sorry, Miss. I'm late.
Children excuses again?
If you can't do both, stays home.
-Just be a housewife.
-Yes, Miss.
-How come she turns evil like this?
-I don't know.
We need Mr. Tama. Tamtama Effect.
-If you want to date, go outside.
-Yes, Miss, I'm sorry.
What's with the silent?
What did I just said?
No more snacks, clean it up!
Our time is tight.
Kirana. Surprise.
Tama? How did you get here?
Yes, I got your apartment's access
from Indra.
I have a surprise. Special dinner.
Thank you for the
dinner, I'm so surprised.
But I need to be alone.
Yes, you should relax more. Okay?
That's why I need to rest.
So, please go home, okay?
Then how about the dinner?
I will eat it later, I promise.
You should eat.
-Surprise, Miss, we're the same.
Miss, may I go too? I'm tired too.
But before that,
any message for our YouTube viewers?
Go.
You're so wise, Miss.
Subscribe.
Morning.
You're late. What kind of socks is that?
It isn't matched,
embarrassment to clients.
Oh, right, one more thing.
Pick it up.
Never give your access key to anyone.
Not even that future vice governor,
understand?
Yes, Miss.
What is it?
-Today's schedule, Miss.
-Give it, let me look at it myself.
You should arrange it right.
Why is the schedule so packed?
Am I robot?
-Yes, I thought usually...
-Don't just think, use your heart!
What is this?
I was invited to be a speaker
at Budi Pekerti Elementary School?
-No, Miss, it was canceled by Indra.
-Why did you canceled it?
-Indra!
-Yes, Miss.
I have a schedule
at Budi Pekerti Elementary School.
There was a student's parents
that recommended you.
But I know you wouldn't go,
so I canceled.
That is my children's school!
Inge, hurry,
call the headmistress, Mrs. Rhonda.
Tell her I'll come as a speaker there.
Hurry up!
-Diana.
-Kirana?
Oh, my God, you look different.
I barely recognized you.
This is my friend from high school,
her name's Mrs. Kirana.
-You look like...
-Rega, Windy.
Ma'am.
I think I saw you, but where?
Everywhere,
I'm a well known public figure.
So, you must have seen me.
-Wow, actress.
-Miss Kirana, welcome.
-Mrs. Rhonda, sorry I'm late.
-It's okay, I was confused...
in finding an alternative speaker.
But now you're here to be a speaker
for our children.
It's okay, I'm happy to share
my experience as a PR consultant.
Especially for girls.
They must know since early on
that they should not be narrow-minded.
Satisfied only in being
an ordinary housewife.
While today women
must have high career and success.
So, we're the same as men.
-What did you want to say?
-I want...
Being a housewife is a choice,
not a matter of narrow or broad mind.
-But...
-Interesting discussion.
What time is it?
Ma'am, the children are waiting
in class. Please.
Rega, Windy, please go to your class.
-I will pick you later.
-Okay, Mommy, bye.
Mrs. Diana, I'd like to speak with you
in my office, I'll wait.
-Please, Ms. Kirana
-Ms. Kirana.
Diana, if Mrs. Rhonda mention
about Rega's grades that goes down,...
please told her that he is dyslexia.
Please, Ms. Kirana.
Okay, my job is called
public relation consultant.
So my job is to make people
looks cooler.
So, a lot of people will like them.
Miss, you're the same as my mom.
My mom makes me look cool.
She does my hair like Rihanna.
My mom too, Miss.
In order my friends to like me,...
I bring more food to school
to share with my friends.
-Right.
-Kids.
So, what your parents do
is different from me.
To achieve it, I am hired,
I am getting paid.
That means you are a bad person!
People ask for help,
but you're asking them for payment!
-You're mean!
-Mean!
You're not sincere,
my mom helps me sincerely .
-Yes!
It's not like that.
Please listen to me. It's not like that.
Why can't you be quiet? Please be quiet.
Be quiet!
Na.
-Diana.
-How is it?
-The class went well?
-It went...
It went well. All the kids liked it.
-Especially Windy.
-Really?
How about you? Have you met Mrs. Rhonda?
You told her Rega is dyslexia?
I did.
Mrs. Rhonda actually praised Windy's
and Rega's achievements at school.
In fact, she asked me
to make some kind of seminar or class...
for mothers
how to teach children at home.
Oh, right, would you
like to have dinner at my house?
Dinner?
Actually it's Ben's idea.
I told him if I met you here.
Then Ben says, why not invite
you and Tama dinner at home tonight?
Tama?
Everyone knows
about your relationship with Tama.
Everybody is talking about it
on Instagram.
Tama said okay. Ben chat with him.
Lately, Ben and Tama
often communicate.
Tama buys several cars from Ben.
So tonight we have dinner,
I will cook something special for you.
You can cook?
Good evening. We're so happy.
Our humble home is visited by candidate
for vice governor and his partner.
As advised by my personal consultant.
She said no matter how,
I have to gather votes.
Don't worry, Tama.
Ben and I will definitely vote for you.
-Yes.
-Where's Ben?
Ben is inside, preparing the dinner.
Rega, Windy, come here.
They're friends of mom and dad.
This is Mr. Tama and Ms. Kirana.
You remember, right? Go greet them.
Why didn't you greet them?
I don't want to,
Ms. Kirana was mean at school.
Why did you say that? She's not mean.
Now go greet her.
All right.
-Hi. You're smart, Beautiful.
-Okay, go to your room.
Okay.
Sis, mommy friend's mustache
is so tacky.
-Sorry, you know kids.
-It's okay.
-Let's go inside.
-Let's go.
Here you go,
this is roast chicken ala Diana.
Wow, looks delicious
You're great, Diana.
Thanks to Ben, he always said
that my cooking was delicious.
So, I was motivated
to try all kinds of cooking.
Yes, but my taste bud and theirs
are not the same.
If it doesn't taste good, just say so.
-That's okay, right, Sweety?
-It's okay, Dear.
Oh, right, the kids doesn't eat?
The kids already ate.
They're doing homeworks at their room.
-Sweety, where's the water?
-I forgot, let me get it.
Wait, let me.
-Right, sorry old habit.
-It's okay, I often forget too.
But since you're a special guests,
let me prepare it.
-Come, please.
-Let's eat, I'm hungry.
-Don't bother.
-It's okay.
Official's duty is to serve.
It's so incredible.
Thank you for having us, Ben, Diana.
We are the one who grateful...
having special guests,
future vice governor and future wife.
-Are you okay?
-I'm okay.
Excuse me for a moment,
I'm putting the kids to bed.
-Me?
-Oh, you.
-Excuse me.
-Yes, Sweety.
Right, Tam,
there's coffee, sugar or no sugar?
-With sugar please.
-As sweet as your fate getting Kirana.
-Ouch.
-In a minute.
They're so awesome.
Profile of a harmonious young couple.
-I want someday we could...
-I'll help them clean up.
Hello, yes, Mr. Guntur.
That's not a problem.
Number one or two, it's just a number.
Yes. What?
-Ben, I'm going outside.
-Okay.
Don't bother. Leave it to Mommy.
-I mean Diana.
-It's okay.
Where's the coffee special mix?
It's here.
It's a special coffee,
so I can smell it.
Thank you.
-How's your work, Ben?
-Good, I should've celebration today.
What celebration?
I got a promotion. I was appointed
as the Head of Sales in Southeast Asia.
-You're great.
-You too.
I heard a lot about you
that your career is now...
Ben.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't good partner.
I wasn't supportive to you.
If you're talking about our break up
in high school, no need to say sorry.
You're not wrong anyway.
It's the way our life supposed to be.
Besides now
I'm happy seeing you with Tama.
You're such a perfect couple.
Diana and I are waiting
for your wedding invitation.
-Now repeat after me.
-Okay.
Hair, mouth, nose, eyes, ears, stomach.
-I was wrong. Okay.
-Okay, now is my turn.
Mouth!
-I lost again. One more time.
-Okay.
-Now it's my turn.
Eyes!
I lost again.
Mommy, I love you so much.
I love you too,
but now you must go to sleep.
You'll be late tomorrow.
Okay, come on let's go to sleep.
-Mommy, where's my princess?
-This is my princess.
-Pleasant night, thank you.
-Safe ride, Tam, thank you.
-Bye.
Come on, Sweety.
Kirana, are you okay?
All right, if this is about the surprise
the other day, I'm sorry.
I don't care about that.
Then, what's wrong with you?
This is not my life.
I should be the one in that house.
-What do you mean?
-I...
It's okay, just take me home, Tama.
Miss.
You're such a good assistant, Ndra.
I called you, you showed up.
What's the matter, Miss?
How come you're like this?
-Madam Sri Menyan?
-This is the life that I want.
But it's not the life I need.
I need my family. My old life, Ndra.
Now I'm stuck in this life,
I can't go back.
I know you don't believe my story.
I don't know
where Madam Sri Menyan is.
-I can't find her at all.
-I believe in you.
You don't have pretend to believe me
to calm me down.
-You too?
-That night my wish was...
I want to remain
to be a boss right-hand man.
But not with the same boss.
I like Miss Kirana
since we were in Student Council.
Miss Kirana was the best boss.
This isn't real, Ndra.
This is real, I'm real.
This apartment, your job.
Mr. Tama's feelings to you,
this is all real.
This is not real, Ndra.
Should our destiny be determined
by this card?
And to pay all of that,
I have to lost my family, Ndra.
I don't know, maybe you
lost something too that I don't know.
We have to find Madam Sri Menyan
until we found her.
-We have to go back.
-Back to my failure life, Miss?
To my old boss? Miss Diana was cruel.
I am also cruel, Ndra.
You saw it, right? I have became cruel.
Now I can feel what Diana feels like.
When we can't get what we want...
and we are never satisfied
with what we get,...
we tend to hurt other people around us.
Thank you, Ndra.
Tomorrow, we go all over Jakarta.
We're going to look for Madam Sri Menyan
until we found her.
I will check the schedules, Miss.
What is that?
Invitation for high school reunion.
It's tomorrow. Are you not invited?
Miss Diana
is the chairman of the committee.
Oh, my God. Now I understand.
That means
the life that we live right now...
is the life before high school reunion.
Before we met Madam Sri Menyan
and our destiny was changed.
No wonder we can't found her.
That means
we return to the starting point.
The point where I first met
Madam Sri Menyan...
at the high school reunion.
Before the day change.
Back to the starting point.
Afterward, there's no return.
That means we have to make a wish
before past midnight.
If not, we will not able to return
to our old life.
We are stuck in this life.
We have to go there.
-Indra, I'm ready.
-Okay, Miss.
-Drink this, so you feel fresh.
-Thank you.
Fresh. Come, let's go.
-My head is spinning.
-What's wrong, Miss?
Miss Kirana, are you okay?
Miss.
Sorry, Miss, I don't want to go back.
I want to be like this forever.
-Ndra, are you alone?
-Yes, Miss.
-Kirana didn't come?
-No.
Miss, you didn't invite Miss Kirana?
What for? Kirana never like it,
she never comes to the reunion, right?
Excuse me, Ndra.
Hello.
-Go get married.
-How are you?
Miss, Miss Kirana.
-Inge.
-Miss.
Indra told me to take you
to the reunion party.
-Indra?
-He regrets it, he says sorry.
He feels guilty to Miss Kirana.
Come, Miss, there's still time.
Mrs. Fortune Teller,
please don't close yet.
Your mouth should be closed.
-Mrs, head of stone. It's Madam.
-I'm sorry, Madam.
Don't close it yet, please.
The reunion has ended,
why should I stay?
There's one person
who wants to meet you, it's important.
-She's on the way here.
-Indra!
That's her.
Miss, I'm sorry.
It's okay, Ndra.
The most important thing I'm here now.
Do you want to go back
to your regretful life?
No, I promise
I will never regret it again.
I love my family and I want to go back.
Go inside.
Pick a card.
What is your biggest regret in life?
I regret...
that I have never been grateful
for my past life.
Pick a second card, come on.
What is your deepest desires?
If I am still with my family
right now,...
I will never waste them.
I love them.
Open the third card.
Why is it blank?
There's someone who wants your life.
You could go back if she wants it too.
The person who wants your life,
you and her swap places.
Diana?
Indra, come on.
Thank you for accompanying me
to the reunion tonight, Dear.
You're welcome, Sweety.
-I love you, Dear.
-I love you too, Sweety.
Sorry, Mr. Ben.
If you have the time, my friends
need some advice on buying a car.
Wait a minute, Sweety.
Who?
Some friend of mine,
sorry to bother you, Mr. Ben.
Wait a minute, okay?
-Where? Okay.
-Over here.
Kirana.
Tama? I'm sorry, I'm in a rush.
Kirana, I have been looking
everywhere for you.
Sorry, there's something important.
Kirana, this one also important.
Will you marry me?
Tama.
Tama, get up.
-We can be together, Tama.
-Why?
I'm sure there's a woman
who are more appropriate for you.
I'm sorry.
That was a rehearsal. A rehearsal.
Wait for the actual date, okay.
Rehearsal.
Kirana?
Diana, I want my life back.
No, no way.
The reunion was over.
Madam Sri Menyan already gone.
No, Madam Sri Menyan
is waiting for us at the back.
I don't want to go back.
You want to take my life?
You're the one who wants mine
in the first place!
That's true
but I don't want to lose my family.
Well, me too!
Diana!
-Stop it, Diana. Are you crazy?
-No.
I don't want to go back
to my past life. No.
They're my family.
Rega and Windy are my blood.
They love me too.
I'm a better mother than you!
I raise them up,
I take care of them until now!
You don't have that memories, Diana.
Because it never happened
to your life before!
It's the same with me.
I don't know how the process
of building a PR consultant company.
Because it really never happened to me!
How can we be proud
of what we accomplished...
if we have never experienced
the process?
Stop it, Diana, we could die!
I'd rather die
than going back to my old life!
You're not a good mother, Diana.
You didn't love Rega and Windy.
You would rather both of us both died
than going back to your old life!
You don't think how would they feel
if they lost their mother?
I understand now,
you didn't do this for them.
-You're still in love with Ben.
-Because you took Ben from me!
I never did that.
-Ben was never in love with you!
-That's why I regret it!
Yes, Mrs. Diah?
What, Windy?
-Okay, I'm going home now.
-What wrong with Windy?
-Windy is suffocating.
-Go inside, hurry!
Miss Windy. Oh, my God, Miss.
-Windy.
-Windy, what's wrong, Dear?
-Honey!
-What happened to her?
-I don't know, Ma'am.
Windy.
(Biscuit)
She had a peanut biscuit.
She is allergic to peanut.
Mrs. Diah, why did you gave it to her?
-It wasn't me, Ma'am.
-Stop it. Please go to the refrigerator.
Please take a medicine in the blue bag
under the eggs in the chiller.
Get it, hurry.
Be patient, Dear. Don't give her pillow.
Keep her like this,
laying down without pillow.
Windy, you have to be strong, Honey.
-Windy.
-Kirana, Windy!
Windy, wake up.
-Kirana...
-Windy, wake up.
-Windy!
-Windy, please wake up.
One, two, three.
Windy.
-Windy, my baby.
-Mommy.
-Mommy!
-Honey, this is Mommy.
-What is that, Na?
-This is her allergic medication.
Hold it, Dear. It'll be brief.
Be patient, Honey.
Done, it's done, Honey.
It's safe,
your breathing will be fine later.
Just lay like this for a while
without pillow.
Mom, I'm sorry.
Actually I'm the one
who gave Windy those biscuits.
Rega, why did you gave it to her?
It has peanuts in it!
I can't read, Mom.
How come you can't read?
Do you want to hurt your sister?
Diana. I told you Rega is dyslexia.
Kirana.
Time time about Rega's reports, I lied.
His grades was dropping.
Please give Rega confidence.
Don't let his weakness
hold up his future.
Please take care the children, Di.
Kirana.
Let's meet Madam Sri Menyan.
You are right.
I can never live as you.
Too late, it past midnight.
Did you forget about Ben's habit?
All clocks in this house
are 30 minutes ahead.
Oh, my God, you're right. Let's go!
-Five minutes left. They won't make it.
-Wait a minute.
We're still friends after this, right?
Okay, stop.
There's still time, come on!
They'll come, please wait for them.
Here they are!
-Are you ready?
-Hold it, I'm sorry, Ndra.
-Okay, Miss. Come on.
-Please come in.
Pick a card.
Please give out your cards.
You guys are ready.
I'm afraid, Na.
I'm the boss everyone hates.
All the staff loves you, Di.
Especially Indra, he's a good assistant.
Na...
Morning, Sweety.
Sweety?
You said you want me to be romantic?
Just Kir, it's romantic.
-Smells.
-Really? Sorry.
I miss you.
Do you miss me or my fart?
This is not like you, Kir.
Windy, Rega.
I love you guys so much.
-I love you too, Mom.
Good morning. Everybody already wake up.
Mrs. Diah, I'm sorry.
I was too hard on you.
It's okay. It was nothing.
Let's shower, you'll be late.
-Me first!
-No, me first!
-Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to you
-Happy birthday, Miss.
-Thank you, Nge.
By the way, Indra has a crush on you
for a long time.
But he's afraid to tell you.
-You like Indra too, right?
-Yes.
Can I have the cake?
Happy birthday.
You're not thanking me?
Is it because I didn't bring any gifts?
I just want one gift.
Take me to dinner one more time.
I'll promise I won't say no.
Tina Cempaka, will you marry me?
What did I say?
Wait for the actual date.
This is the day!
That means
Diana and Bram are next, right?
No. I give the opportunity
to the younger ones first.
-Indra and Inge first, right?
-Just say amen.
I agree!
Lets's continue later, okay?
-Bye!
-Mom, come and join us!
-Okay!
-Let's take a picture.
-Come on, let's take a picture, Ben.
-Come here, one,...
two, three!
Action.
It's not working, stupid.
Bro, it's not working!
Just take me home, Tama.
Pick it up.
-Don't ever buttons... Buttons?
-"Buttons"?
"Don't ever buttons."
Don't touch me!
I'll burn down this house!
By the way, are you...
You once said that establish an image
means creating an illusion.
-It's not in accordance with reality.
-So?
So, why is Ti...
Sorry.
I'm in a hurry.
-Who are we?
-Screaming Queens!
-Say what?
This is bad.
I forgot this one, sorry.
You! What character is this?
Donald Duck?
Don't touch me.
What are you doing?
Will you marry me?
Yes!
I'm sorry, where should I go?
Action.
The lens is closed.
What an interesting...
I'm so nervous, Ndra.
Did I laugh?
I should be me who are nervous!
Go on!
I forgot my lines.
It should be me...
What's my line?
What am I rambling about? Oh, my God.
I'm going to go to the toilet, Tama.
Kirana, but give me your name card.
Kirana.